Imma's WoLT review (#16)
grafana/k6-learn: Modules/II-k6-Foundations/07-Setting-test-criteria-with-thresholds.md

> In k6, [thresholds](https://k6.io/docs/misc/glossary/#threshold) are used to codify service-level objectives (SLOs); that is, developers and testers using k6 are encouraged to define SLOs for each test as part of the test script options. In this context, thresholds are a way to implement testing criteria rather than testing criteria themselves. Thresholds could also be used to implement service-level Agreements (SLAs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 encourages developers and testers to define goals for each test. To do this, you can set [thresholds](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/thresholds) to evaluate whether the test performs to a certain criteria. As an example, you can use thresholds to assert that the system performs within your service-level objectives while the test runs.
```

Reviewer: I think we are slowing refining our definition of thresholds, so this is practice. Besides that, they are such an important concept that I think it makes more sense to link to the real doc instead of the glossary entry.

Reviewer: Can I add a [tooltip](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tooltip "This goes to the wikipedia page on tooltips") in Github-flavored markdown?

The preview says I can! From an information-discovery standpoint, I think the most comfortable reader experience would be to use the glossary definition as the tooltip text, and link to the main doc. Not sure if it's worth the effort.

},
```

> The extra parameter `abortOnFail: true` instructs k6 to stop the test (without a [graceful stop](https://k6.io/docs/misc/glossary/#graceful-stop)) as soon as the threshold is not met. In this case, that happens when the error rate goes over 5%. k6 will display the end-of-test summary report with an error that looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra parameter `abortOnFail: true` instructs k6 to stop the test (without a [graceful stop](https://k6.io/docs/misc/glossary/#graceful-stop)) as soon as the threshold is crossed. In this case, that happens when the error rate goes over 5%. k6 will display the end-of-test summary report with an error that looks like this:
```
